Improve trimming in `Required` rule and handler (#348)
yiisoft/validator: README.md

}
```

### Requiring values

> Use `Yiisoft\Validator\Rule\Required` rule to make sure value is presented. What values exactly are considered empty can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Yiisoft\Validator\Rule\Required` rule to make sure value is provided. What values are considered empty can
```
